[__] uh try to do some some [__]
today uh thank God I'm back in the
office and the stream quality should be
much much better I'm on ethernet all
right uh
so what the [__] is the deal I need to
add to path
so I'm trying to switch over
uh
uh fish ad path
is that all I have to do
Dash a add to the end prepend was the
default to
prepend is the default
okay so fish add path path
I just put that in my startup I think
the [__] is it
uh
I need to put I need to put it at the
top
you have them do what am I doing
uh
is it like that
I think that should be all I need
okay let's try it
uh
okay yeah the JG it's because of custom
function as you can just get as you can
just know that
um
all right so I mean that's
that's a broad Strokes important stuff
so
all right we switched to fish like good
stuff okay it took us a long time all
right so now what we want to do
is uh we're
there's a number of things that we need
to do
um
I mean I really need to I really want to
ask like Gabriel or someone uh like what
is a good design for this I feel like I
haven't really collab with him at all
um
let me just put um okay here I'll show
you guys
I'm gonna help desk
um
foreign
ah [__] I click Ctrl C
we do want time to First X though
all right
and actually we want
second evaluation two and then we want
to store the like yeah
okay so yeah uh that's that
um
mm-hmm
hold on I got a text
all right cool
um
who is this his ordinary defeak or was
this
interesting
too much of nasty stuff
all right I kind of want to mess around
with this Linux perf stuff
I mean
uh
not yeah use it pre-compilation time
using time but also time to First ax and
that is the harder part because you need
to know
uh
the important functionality of the
package I guess
um or like
the the functionality that gets used
like most of the time so in the case of
uh
like uh
um
uh
[__] oh that's so lame
all right I'm probably gonna have to buy
code spaces
actually time on code spaces uh that's
fine uh [__]
okay what did I change I changed
um not really anything but uh
let's do this
uh
that pre-comp was like completely hung
okay now we connect
oh
actually I guess I could do it on uh
here
okay so we're switching and then okay
then there's just one thing that I want
to do as a second project which is
uh I'm gonna get
oh here we go yeah I'm gonna do a whole
bunch of uh
I want to download all of the 10K Q
reports for for a whole bunch of
companies and just just so that like
when I look at a company I can see uh
this is how
this is where they are in Phase space of
all the companies but that's for later
I'm not really interested in that right
now
all right let's open this up
can I get fish bro
bro
he did it on a suit up
uh
looking this [__] up
uh [__] oh is it because I did the Run
hold on
let's do this
foreign
basically uh
uh
I wonder if there's a Julia up jll
that'd be kind of funny
all right
bruh
bruh well that's cool
foreign
this thing from 1.9 native code caching
is that you actually get native code
cached instead of just code typed
[Music]
um
and so pre-compulation is actually
slower time to First X should be faster
because uh you're actually compiling
less code
that's my understanding
cool all right let's do this
huh
this is an issue
uh
wait why is CI failing there probably
was too bro what's up with the what is
up with that
yo why don't we just have why is CI on
Bill K I don't really understand that
[__]
there's like bad compat on something
all right
all right fine
yeah
yeah I mean the least you could do is
add compat
this is what happens
then it's in there that's why I never
add compat to anything I think
uh
okay let's try the app P stats
is this a timer output
what is this
foreign
how do you read these perf things
hello good day to you holy [__]
are you doing a demonstration on Prof
physics so this is part of my series
about Linux performance analysis so
coffee is one of the most important
tools that you can use you know for
performance analysis on Windows service
I'll be demonstrating how to install it
and also be showing some common commands
and options that you can use with this
curve so uh let us actually go so this
is the official page for path so it
describes you know what part of command
is and you know how to use it so so on
this page you see something like oh this
is the Wikipedia for linuscraft command
also called path events so the path is
powerful it can instruments CPU
performance performance counters Trace
points K probes and your probes so it is
capable of doing like with profiling or
so and what does that mean is that you
know it can get information it can get
data you know from different sources
from hardware and software and you know
give it to us you know present it to us
so that we can understand that we can
gain visibility into the performance of
maybe an application or a particular
command also if you run command
so you see some basic information about
half is a performance analysis tools for
Linux and if you go to description this
is performance contest for Linux a new
Canal based subsystem that provides
framework for all things performance
analysis so that is our performance
counters so this performance counters
are generally from the performance
monitoring unit the performance
monitoring unit is a
it's now called performance monitoring
units and Earth can also you know get
information from software you know
things like Trace points and kroops and
view probes so like I said here our path
you know make use of data from
performance monitoring Unity or to
basically give us statistics on our
application is performing so let's talk
about how you can install it so the way
you install curve depends on the digital
that you own so if you're on Ubuntu you
have to install it from the Linux tools
Dash or the kernel version if you're on
Facebook you can simply do or your
install
what's with some commands so kind of as
you know it's like you don't command
like that one and the commands are
outlined here so uh I'll demonstrating a
couple of these comments I'll be
demonstrating like five of them and uh
if you want to interact with the other
ones you can definitely do so so um the
first one that I'll be showing here is
called start I think this is like the
most common command so for example if
you run and it's on your system you know
it is uh list the directory but if you
want to analyze what actually goes on
you can run Earth start from LS so then
after listening directory it will also
show you the performance you know
counter statistics that's [__] sick
dude
it tells you exactly how many
instructions were
that's nasty bro that's really cool
so you see things like contest switches
the ACP migration baseball
interesting
0.
let's copy it to I'll call it demo zeros
uh so the block size of 84 gigabytes
because I'll make it two so basically
what I'm doing is I'm cooking two
gigabytes of four bytes you know from
there zero to this one called them
that's what we call Demo zeros so when
I'm going to run past part of that so
let's do it so the command is running
and as it is running the curve is also
Gathering statistics around this command
so it's going to report to the
statistics so I'll be able to understand
so like you see I have the statistics I
have the task the clock context which is
City migration page holds so all these
are statistics
events all right all right so what we
got to do uh uh
um
all right so there
oh
all right cool and I want to do this
just so that's better all right now we
do perf let me make this bigger for
y'all and me all right perf stat bat
what the [__] bro that's way more than
copying
that's nutty all right so
um
all right so actually what I want to do
is
uh
uh uh
so right so these are just a couple of
scripts that you know things that you
would want to do so this is a data
uh CSV
df.js this is using CSV data frames
uh uh
uh and where's that where's that
I'm gonna put this here for now
data I don't know that's [__] lame
uh okay
um
oh wait
I mean you kind of do want to
disambiguate uh
foreign
so here I'm going to do
oh not Dash e
what
oh yeah
that's actually really crazy so
uh
uh but let's do this now
um
uh
dude that's so lame
okay
what else can we do
um events and I'll show you how you can
learn about some of this event you can
focus on a particular event also so but
uh let me show you another comments I'll
show you you know what orders we can do
so let's do class record record is
rather than giving us the output like
this we can record the output you can
record it and by default it will be
stored in a file called perf.data so
let's do the record so rather than
giving us the output it is going to
start with the output in a part and we
can look at the file that we generated
it's going to be binary file so we have
to use perf report to look at the file
so so for example now it has captured he
said captured and wrote 0.18 megabytes
of uninstalled imperf data so to look at
this file actually you have to run perv
reports
so so as you can see look at you know
this file uh I have an analysis of you
know what actually goes on I have you
know the the things that actually the
events the events that you know that had
the beginning okay so let's try that
let's just see what the [__] is going on
there
uh
uh weird
here's what I want
perfect chord
options yeah but like
does it where does it store the thingy
okay
what did he do perf
info perf
oh wow it's like a thing interesting
colonel.k all Sims switch FPU return
all right uh
the thing is you need a bunch of like
environments
so what I actually want to do here
uh
uh oh
yeah
okay
yeah it's pretty bad
what is the pr
dude that's all you have to do and it
works why does this fail
I'm texting Chris
all right I told Chris to merge his PR
baby
you know you gotta do it too we gotta
get that [__]
ugh [__] see because you got to do this
you gotta do that you gotta there's a
struct was different
honestly that is a project that would be
that would be amazing
all right uh so what I want to do though
I wanna
I'm gonna do generate uh
all right so in here
uh
okay now I want to add I want to do my
my usual
my usual thing
okay it's it's uh using
we're gonna do the whole thing uh
and we're just gonna get a sense of
um
uh actually in a
this just Returns the expression right
uh
what
okay whatever
um
do I actually have a
uh [__] me
uh
okay so let's do uh
do this
um
yeah okay so now we want also uh
oh yeah we have this too
should we do it as an expression we
could always parse the string I mean who
the [__] cares so let's let's do this
uh we're gonna assume that CIS is a
thing
and we're actually
we might as well call structural
simplifier
and we don't need any of this because
teespin is
in here
um
uh
foreign
because this is the workflow that I ex
want to be good
um
cool anyway so we put that in there but
who who the [__] cares
all right now we have this all right I
want to do the perf on this this script
so here
I'm going to add all this
foreign
how long does this take to pre-compile
I'm guessing
so maybe I should just create a number
of
like curated things
that people do I mean the tests are that
though that's the that's the thing is
maybe I should just hijack tests you you
take a repo you clone it you run the
test you run perf on the tests
the problem with that is that you want
to do it by test set
200 perf on all the test sets
the problem is there's probably a lack
of uniformity there
um actually this pre-compilation is
going Mighty fast though I mean the
problem is the tail end of the
pre-compile the depth tree is like uh
uh narrow it's not wide so the
parallelization doesn't really help you
there
um
oh and let's do uh
foreign
oh yeah okay so even just for this one
so by the end of the this uh this stream
what I really want is I want to plot
this thing over the past four Julia
versions and just see have we gotten
faster at doing this because
that's really what I care about I just
wanna I just want diffique to be good
difficult modeling toolkit
if I do time Imports on
so it's just there's one after the other
and then yeah
Okay cool so what we'll do is it takes
in a
bin and a project instantiates the
project
um
there's a lot of like like little weird
things about this okay so this
pre-compilation is is is not cool
um
I think I'm gonna go take a [__] make
some more coffee and take a [__]
can you merge my PR oh
foreign
okay
all right look at this look at this
water is empty so I gotta go I gotta
fill the water
gotta get my case
look at my keys
all right
it's still pre-compiling that's actually
nasty man
oh that's so that's such
bro that's hard
okay
uh
so whatever we want we want this thing
but we want to do
we want
this is gonna take [__] forever all
right so I kind of like this though just
track a couple of big important things
that you may want to do don't don't
I mean it would be cool to see
a whole bunch of packages and their data
but to start out with I think this is
actually more useful
but let me go get this water
foreign
okay
I have no idea
how about this
[__]
watch it be okay
how about that
but for right now let's do this perf
report
Dash I
what even is that symbol obvious subtype
GC
has free type bars
Okay so
so Runner
here uh
uh
that has a
project.tamil
uh
and a big duck Trail
we run we run
uh
I think that should be fine
we do this
for yes C in ch
uh
and then what we do is we I know we
actually run perf record and then
perfect chord probably
cannot load tips.txt please install
Perth okay how the [__] am I looking at
this right now if I don't have a perf
so five percent of the time is on this
obvious sub type thing what is that
it's a sequel
what was the total time wait can I okay
yeah let me watch that video though what
else can I do that's the question
so so as you can see look at you know
this file uh I have analysis of you know
what actually goes on I have you know
the the things that actually they think
the events that you know the hard the
biggest impacts you know at least they
put above and uh also all that event
also that we can look at so this is how
to basically record a report a report
about
well there are a lot of events actually
there are a lot of events you can you
know look at so for example Branch
instructions or complexities simulation
faults uh so these are like other events
then there are some other events also
cannot can be mental like I said there's
something called performance monitoring
units so this is something like economy
events then you see something like Trace
points also Trace points are very
important in Linux performance analysis
I would do another video to talk about
today so uh
the event and the command
oh here's all these L of M calls does
this mean
so these are oh this is time being spent
in completion so we can see actually
uh
interesting
wait so uh
can I read uh
see I want a table so
uh Julia Reed in uh
foreign
listen
oh okay
bro you have to build it
all right cool
okay so let's see if this works
uh
okay
um
so for right now
just in the run tests
okay
that's pretty sick with the the web view
that's [__] cool
uh
why is the font all [__] up
that was weird
do I have P Pro I probably I would
expect to
bruh
bruh why
all right well maybe I can just use how
do I get my chair to like lock backwards
this thing is like so far forward I
wanna
lock it
what does it actually do oh this is just
this
all right that's fine
[__]
all right well let's just see what's in
this thing
all right fine uh I guess we go into
code spaces
okay fine I just want to [__] finish
this thing this is so insane I want a
data frame of the P proof results and it
doesn't seem like
um
[__] that's so lame okay
uh
hmm
okay
so let's just commit the modifications
I'm going to change here I added
a couple of packages
so Linux perf is not the move I feel
like
I feel like we run we should run [__]
that sucks though because it is the move
foreign
it is the move because you don't want to
start Jewel because like otherwise
you're just benchmarking
starting Julian the results are way
noisier so that's not the move
all right whatever I'm okay with this
let's just get this like I'm just
[__] wasting time
okay
this is nothing
this is fine
been in a drill
no Okay cool so uh
okay
now I have to go to [__] code spaces
uh
I think I don't think I have any hours
left so I'm gonna have to
oh you gotta close remote connection
first
[__] okay
foreign
okay
fine
all right
I'm gonna turn my mic you know
okay I'm back and I have spent money
or I'm now spending money
but I have this [__] code space thing
so whatever
uh wait I have
[__]
uh
how do I see what that commit was
okay well it went away so that's okay
um
cool
date is no okay
all right uh we can probably just clean
that up none of that seemed to work
the problem is I don't want to make too
many changes on here because I can never
push to my [__]
I don't know I have to fix that but I
can't push to my repos on GitHub code
space and I don't know why
but anyways
um
I'm gonna go back to here
oh I want to do this too
uh
oh interesting
cool and then do I have uh
nope
what
you should explicitly set one
[__]
bro
you can't give me this many options dude
holy [__]
I don't know which one to get
this is the Linux kernel version
dude
the [__] man
this one seems like the
best one
foreign
uh
all right uh yeah I'm gonna do Linux
tools generic I agree that that seems
like the one that makes the most sense
to me
oh
okay well in the meantime Let's uh copy
this
oh that's so annoying
let me get the local one and we get the
code space one we got this one we got
all sorts of ones
um I think I can close this I think
we're done here
okay so let's get this thing
bruh I didn't know this was gonna take
so long
okay thank God
uh
uh okay cool oh wait no no
oh
bro
all right we have perf
now what we want to do is
um
we don't want a perf a call we do want
to do the whole thing so we're going to
delete the Manifest
uh
we'll do this whole thing
all right we're going to add package uh
is that the right thing I don't know but
package Dot
we're gonna do this
it sucks that I have to wait for this
[__] again
that really sucks
all I want is a data frame of that perf
of that perf results
okay well in the me no I have to wait
for this before I can run perf
I don't I don't even want this
I think it's important to use the full
differential equations that like yeah
you could just use ordinary diffique but
you want the auto out man you want the
auto out
it should take so long I actually want
to see what it says
oh I have the perfect data what the [__]
am I doing
oh I'm still gonna get away from this
thing but
I can at least do the
okay
this looks different than uh
it does these uh these are just
pointerness these are just addresses
I guess that makes sense you can't like
really ship around
LD
Julia liberal VM
Are we almost ready nope
I mean that's the thing though is
actually the amount of time between
ordinary defeat and differential
equations is not that long like ordinary
diffique is pretty much as heavy
as the full thing
what do you need after that
what do we need after that I don't even
know it's probably the plots
it's probably plots no I don't know what
it's going to be
[__] takes so long
okay
foreign
I'm going to submit a PR to fix the
website bro that's not my [__] job
all right
this is comically slow
holy [__]
this is brutal holy [__] I'm playing
music I'm pissed
let's go to YouTube
so you see for example I have 1911
contact switches uh doing this which is
11 seconds so
so it's literally just perf data
oh sick
why does it have all this extra bloat in
it
foreign
maybe I should steal this seems like a
good idea
it uses wait what's at time it is from
oh geez this is like ancient
what what is it called
perf util
I bet it's defined in here
yep
that's [__] lame man
it's because it was in The Source tree
that they only wanted to use standard
libraries but I don't have to I don't
have to do that
dude how is this still going
it's actually so much worse on here than
it was on on my my computer
I think I probably closed it
um
I did well whatever
whatever
okay well I just want to look through
the actual benchmarks
so this is the code for J
so
shib
is in here
this is a very small list of micro
benchmarks
it would be good to use this though
oh thank God
it took 10 minutes
all right [__] it
so now that we have this thing
we can run
uh we can delete this one
let me do
perf
record
uh uh Julia
startup equals no that's just project
uh
uh bin.jl I think that's all I have to
do
[__]
okay
what
dude you can't do anything
not supported what is what is that about
a lot of use of almost all
uh
to make this setting permanent
allow use of almost all events by all
users okay
yes
I guarantee that [__] didn't work
can't change it
man
dude this is such a [__] bummer
edit it's just control that I guarantee
I can't
okay what do I need I need a
consider tweaking perf event paranoid
which controls the use of performance
events by unprivileged users without
capsys admin
to make this permanent change this thing
guaranteed I'm not allowed to do that
can't do anything man
foreign
yeah what's up
against the world from my slumber
okay
um
foreign
special
stinks
all right well what are options now
uh
I
um
the problem on deep sea was that I
needed um
[__] man
oh
super [__] lame all right well
um
I can ask to get Pete Prof
infrastructure infrastructure
I'm not sure how we're gonna do this
um
[__]
foreign
I feel like this is really kind of a
roadblock
foreign
oh I almost got it that's perfect okay
just a link to Octane Pro
wait how is he Bolding things
sir Tim lied to you bro how is he this
is sick man
that's funny
this is cool
Unicode has bold versions of
yeah man Unicode is all you need
frankly very silly and I love it
all right well let's close this thing so
I don't pay for some done paying for it
man that's stinky that's so stinky
um
you can't even select anything dude
that's wild
what the [__]
wait what
uh
what
hmm my path is all [__]
whatever
I'm not getting hung up on that [__]
you can't select any of the text it's so
weird
all right
uh
I kind of love that
um
thank you
ray gun
yeah that's [__] sick dude I want to
build a ray gun
300 kilowatts
that's [__] rad
I love that I want to read it
technical Challenge and missile defense
has been compared with that of hitting a
bullet with a bullet
foreign
have to do real work that's the sucky
thing
uh
oh yeah
no [__] way bro
I want to work on that dude oh
foreign
I want to build one
um oh my God that's [__] rad
dude I I want to do swarm robotics like
that
that is so cool
drone swarm
this seems pretty good
so I finally did it after stating a
video from 2017 that I would finish DIY
drone by 2022. I'm happy to say that I
was finally able to put together this
drone which can affect life but I'm
still the beginning when it comes to
controlling it now you probably already
noticed that this is not your standard
drone like for example makes them which
by rather slowing controls so that you
can make useful recordings no this is an
fpd or first person be alone meaning you
can only see it what you don't see is by
flying but it also way faster clear and
thus lets you capture some really big
footage with the help of a GoPro on top
and the reason why about this was that
months ago I got a various activity
wrong kids that came with a tiny loan
which looks wonderful year but can
easily get blown away by the wins so I
want something a bit bigger in heavy on
and I feel like I went overboard here
but you will see that later before that
let me show you my journey of building
this thing which was not super easy to
do because the Drone Market just
overflows with different Hotmail
communication protocols and software but
to get cmake
I'm down to [__] around with binary
Builder
uh let's do that [__]
um
all right [__] it I'm gonna do it on the
code space I don't give a [__]
no I'm gonna do it here
uh
all right just
terminal no
I haven't done binary builder stuff in a
long time I don't know why I would even
need to do binary Builder
uh
uh like this really doesn't seem
like a good use of my time
unlike most free software for creating
3D models such as the famous application
blender openscad focus on the cad
aspects rather than the artistic aspects
of 3D modeling
um
thus this might be an application you're
looking for when you're planning to
create 3D models or machine parts but
probably not the tool for creating
computer animated movies openscad is in
not an interactive modeler instead it is
more like a 3D compiler that reads a
script
so part of making a quadcopter
I guess is like
uh
you want to know what forces are going
to be acted on by
between the quadcopter and the
environment and then you want to
optimize for a whole bunch of different
things so figuring out that cost for
this video you should get a good idea of
what is going on and you should be able
to put something similar so let's get
started
this video responsible event yeah
the first obvious part is of course the
frame onto which all other components
get mounted on next are the motors will
Propel us that create the upward thrust
while spinning and of course we also
need the battery to power at all then
some kind of receiver that lightningham
applies receives a signal from a remote
so that your phone knows what direction
to follow and since we're dealing with
an fpv drone we also need a camera and
the VTX system with fitting antenna of
which I honestly also never heard of
before it stands for video transmitter
and it basically takes the camera video
signal and sends it out as a 5.8
gigahertz signal that the fpp goggles
which we also need can then receive and
play back and the last things they're
missing are the VC boards and ESC boards
now FC stands for flight controller and
it's basically the heart of the system
it for example comes with an
accelerometer IC which the Drone uses to
find out how it is positioned in the air
and through the help of an integrated
PID control Loop it can then tell each
model how fast the spin so that it can
stand upright in the air without
crashing of course it also manages to
receive controller signal camera signal
outputs the VTX signal and much much
more the only big thing it cannot do
directly is driving the bldc box for
which we got the ESC board AKA
electronic speed controller boards that
drives the models at a specific speeds
depending on how the flight controller
demands it and those were all in all the
basic components required for an fpv
drone and I started my component hunt by
firstly looking for frame the reason is
that depending on whether you choose a
small or big frame all the other
components have to be smaller or bigger
too and honestly speaking I didn't feel
like buying a pre-made frame because
when 3D printing a frame you can always
easily replace parts and by using petg
filament you also get reasonably strong
Parts which eventually though can also
break so I search for suitable models on
printables and eventually found this six
inch one whose design I really liked I
asked this cradle but I can showcase it
in the video and he agreed and even
helped me laundering the builds so big
thanks to him and go to model selected I
started 3D printing all parts and while
that was going on I was looking for
Motors on Amazon which the model Creator
actually advised me not to use the
reason is that they often come with low
quality bearings so he instead
recommended this motor in combination
with a 4S battery with the given KB
rating using a 4X battery should give me
an average RPM of 37 814 which is above
the RPM thrust graph I created in a
previous video and thus it okay so
interest it's an interesting it's an
interesting question which which what
type of drone do you want to make
you know how fast do you want to go you
want to put all these specifications so
I feel like for me
I want to build the absolute cheapest
drone that can do basic self self 500
Ram meaning four of them should be able
to do two kilograms which I thought was
more than enough and by the way I would
highly recommend checking out the video
I just mentioned because it shows you
very well how bad we see a motor and
propeller inside table with one another
but anyway the data sheet of the model
also stated that how bad we is
motor test stand
but anyway the data sheet of the model
also stated that even with only 50
thrust it is capable of lifting 563 gram
so I was pretty sure that that should
work next for the propellers I was
advised to get six inch ones but once I
saw how close they get to the Drone
maybe joining it into drone goulash i
instead went with generic five inches
like I said before I went with a 4s1
with a capacity of 2.2 amp hours and
most importantly a high C rating which
basically says that it cannot put a high
current and thus high power which is
more than enough to enjoy the maximum
power of all four Motors moving on next
was the receiver and remote parts and
for that I wanted to reuse the remote
for my beginner's drone kits luckily it
apparently comes with the elrs
communication protocol that can be used
for modern drones as a comparison back
in the old days audio drone remote
inputs without a one data Channel at the
receiver which is basically a standard
server signal but since dealing with so
many data channels is just confusing
modern remotes and receivers are just
talked to the flight controller will
receive and transmit line and thus
reproduce for example nine data wires to
just two the bad news is though that
there are a ton of different protocols
from different manufacturers but like I
said El RS is apparently not only
supported by my remote but also new in
raids and I could easily get a fitting
2.4 gigahertz elsr receiver for pretty
cheap from the internet so next I also
wanted to reuse Network goggles which
was also not a problem because all 5.8
gigahertz transmitter systems should
work with them so I simply got one that
was currently available
the camera was also a suggestion from
the model Trader which I didn't regret
okay last but not least a flight
controller and escnn and here was told
that pretty much anything would work as
long as the ESC could handle the motor
currents the flight controller comes
with a standard size and it uses beta
flights which is the software on the
flag controller that basically handles
everything and that probably most drone
owners use so I decide
created on the Zeus 60 amp one because
it looked well made 60s and thus I
finally got all the parts for the Drone
and if you want to build something
similar you can of course find a
complete parts list with example seller
in the video description there you can
of course also find the additional Parts
like screws standoffs zip ties and
everything else and with that being said
I started the actual drone builds by
firstly securing all the motors to the
motor arms and then attaching those to
the bottom piece of the frame with more
screws at this point I was happy to find
out that the motor wires were long
enough to reach the Seer so I tied them
to the arms both above the ties before
soldering the xd60 battery connector to
the esca along both
do they tag
dude the last release was
over a year and a half ago
see I know I never know what I'm doing
do I require any binary I don't know
how do we do it
an AI should an AI should be good at
this actually
but this should be the same as you
okay fine
I don't even want to do this dude
hahaha
what's up
okay
um
yeah [__] this I just want to watch the
video
it's unfortunate next I saw the camera
wires receiver wires and me text wires
to the starter pads of the flight
controller like it's manual told me to
do so and after connecting the EC and
FCA without
yeah yep
oh
okay
this spacecraft used Xenon as a
propellant because it has a high atomic
mass allowing it to provide more cake
per atom while being a nurse and having
a high storage density lending itself to
long-term storage on a spacecraft the
engine releases both Xenon atoms and
high energy electrons into the
ionization chamber where they Collide to
produce a positive Xenon atom and more
electrons these electrons are then
collected by the positively charged
chamber walls while the positive Xenon
atoms migrate towards the chamber exit
which contains two grids a positive grid
called the screen grid and a negative
grid called the accelerator grid the
high electrical potential between these
grids causes the positive ions to
accelerate and shoot out of the engine
all right whatever man
hey what is up guys and welcome back so
in today's video we're going to be
building a pretty sick quadcopter here
this is a mid-range to a budget
quadcopter
it's like a carbon fiber thing
and throughout the build I'll be
covering everything as fast as possible
and as detailed as possible and any
issues you might come across and help
with all those issues across and we're
building today is going to be five inch
6s quad copper success
all you have to do is
keep yourself like that blue that
performs great and I've been using for
quite some time for over four years now
so let's quickly cover the components
we're going to be using it so for frame
we're using five seconds
these actually came with the frame which
will protect your overall relax
all these things did come in the box and
even half the receiver holder here which
holder positions
I've been using so just in case we're
using the T-Rex here uh
some really great video quality offline
now for stack which is the easiest now
what I went with here is one of the best
budget Alternatives you possibly get
because in my opinion the most crucial
part of your quadcopter is the
electronic speed control which is here
you know what I want to do
I'm getting bored of this [__] so uh I
want to look up uh
do you guys sell it
but oops I want socks too
no
nice
dude I want to [__] around with bench
legs
benchling
request a demo I can't just use this
[__]
dude why do companies do this
let's just sign up with my real email
what am I doing this for
foreign
Academia I work in industry
I don't know what I do I don't do
anything
usually uh I don't know I don't know how
this works
foreign
oh okay weird
oh
notebook plan multi-day experiment
centralized data and share experimental
results
design plasmids bro that's [__] cool
yeah both of these things are actually
sick all right let's do a notebook and
we'll see what happens
okay cool
Yeah so basically what I'm gonna be
looking for dude why does it take my
[__] gravatar bro I'm changing my
gravatar
I don't know how these [__]
got this [__]
that's nuts that's actually nuts
I hate that it has my gravitar row I
gotta change that [__]
gravitar gets to die okay
here's a sample experiment to show you
how notebook entries work use tables
with formulas to make a master mix
calculation and edit the number of
reactions to see it in action
okay number of reactions 80 component
amount Master mix water 10x buffer
enzyme Mass total template DNA reaction
total
okay
foreign
new days
to organize your entry and see it on the
home Calendar use check boxes to plan
out your day
interesting
combine above reaction into in Cuba at
37c for an hour run gel what happens
when I click on this thing
uh it's just like HTML I guess and it
renders linked to other benchling files
by dragging them in
or use the at symbol
cool
okay so this is like a view of the
plasmid
T you want to make this smaller what the
[__]
oh
yo hide that [__] okay
drag and drop an image
insert code blocks to keep your scripts
right next to your notes and results
okay is that it is there more I can do
what's a protocol
all right this is a protocol
this protocol is for cloning this type
of plasmid including this thing
also applies okay
what the [__] am I getting into
what's ad Gene
what do they do
now I'll probably created to help
scientists share plasms plasms are
dna-based research reagents commonly
used in life sciences where scientists
publish research papers they deposit
their Associated plasmas and add Gene oh
[__] social network for
bro it's a GitHub
yo that's crazy
I wonder if you could just host your
plasmids on GitHub
crispr the this is that Adeno adjacent
virus or whatever
all plasmids antibodies oh this is so
sick
dude The Branding is [__] nice I love
these little guys so cute all right
deposit your plasmids with ad Gene and
we'll hand a storage distribution and
rest if they're an API
introducing antibodies I just really use
the common antibodies
holy [__]
all right let's bro let's do it I'm
feeling lucky
[__]
uh is there like a most popular
hot plasmids
yeah that's [__] rad yeah
all right
it's a hot it's a this is the Jung lab
this is a pi
bro
including induction of multi-potential
neuroepithelial cells
uh that form neural tube like structures
patenting patterning of region-specific
neural progenitors and generation of
neurons and glia with particular
neurotransmitter or functional phenotype
in parallel we're building transgenic
humania sea lions with regular relatable
gene expression together we are
dissecting biochemical interactions
underlying the cellular differentiation
processes
under uh under defined conditions such
studies will hopefully Bridge what we
have learned from animal studies to
human biology okay
just [__] sick
this guy's a god
altered patterning of Trisomy I don't
know what that means okay
aav S1 donor Vector for inducible gene
expression
inducible gene expression what does that
mean
okay well they don't have an API so
if I keep
thinking about that okay
yeah I want to walk through one of these
things
oh
yeah I'll get a
all right I'm done with that bro but
there's a ton of Google Groups that I
should join
you got to see what other people are
doing
okay
what
for gel extraction cleanup of up to 10
micrograms of DNA
70 base pairs to 10 kilobases
from enzymatic reactions okay
foreign
yo that is not feasible
okay it's a thousand dollars less I
um
how much is this okay it's okay so okay
all right fine
um
whoa
that's cool
interesting
okay use the arrow keys bro that's hype
what is all this [__] this is [__]
cool
so how do you move stuff around
though
like how much human labor is involved
here
there's all these machines but I don't
really know know what they do
tour is not very helpful it is [__]
awesome though
I gotta say
so what is this
Thermo Fisher offers a wide range of lab
automation include liquid Handling
Systems micro plate readers laboratory
robots
yeah
no
I'm here oh okay all right